## Foreword
By May 25 (the month I start writing this), I've decided to shift my focus from front-end JS / TS to low-level programming, utilizing the C / C++ / Go programming languages. This allows me to take more math courses (which is beneficial to the brain) and become a better (read: "actual") programmer.

## Complete the 2nd half of the [Basic C++ Tutorial](https://www.learncpp.com/)
Wasting 2 years of my 4 year degree NOT learning C is real tuff; but hopefully this material serves as a good starting point. I've skipped the first few chapters and went straight to the second half, which covers essential C++ concepts to start graphics programming:
  &nbsp;
  <li><i>12 | Compound Types: References & Pointers</i></li>
  <li><i>13 | Compound Types: Enums & Structs</i></li>
  <li><i>14 | Introduction to Classes</i></li>
  <li><i>15 | More on Classes</i></li>
  <li><i>16 | Dynamic Arrays: std::vector</i></li>
  <li><i>17 | Fixed-size arrays: std::array & C-style arrays</i></li>

## Read [3D Math Primer for Graphics and Game Development](https://gamemath.com/book/intro.html)
Quick re-learn of all the Linear Algebra & Calculus I studied during freshman year. It should take 2 - 3 weeks to digest & document everything, long journey ahead, less grass to touch. 

## Read [Ray Tracing in One Weekend](https://raytracing.github.io/)
We should be heading into mid July / early August by this point, suppose I haven't burned all the passion for graphics after getting my way through the maths. Not sure where to go from here; I'll probably have a better idea by then than now. So stay tuned. 
